News: Community Reflections on Bevy's Fifth Year (#2229)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2025-09-15-community-reflection-on-bevys-fifth-year/index.md

* **Rin ([@Atlas16A](https://github.com/Atlas16A))**
  * [Bevy's Fifth Birthday: The Editor](https://rinoxide.substack.com/p/bevys-fifth-birthday-the-editor)
* **Talin ([@viridia](https://github.com/viridia))**
  * [When Bevy Was Five](https://hackmd.io/@dreamertalin/ryE0polcxx)
* **JMS55 ([@JMS55](https://github.com/JMS55))**
  * [Bevy's Fifth Birthday - Progress and Production Readiness](https://jms55.github.io/posts/2025-09-03-bevy-fifth-birthday/)
* **Pete Hayman ([@mrchantey](https://github.com/mrchantey))**
  * [Bevy's Five and Beet's Alive!](https://beetstack.dev/blog/post-3)
* **doomy ([@piedoom](https://github.com/piedoom))**
  * [Bevy's 5th Birthday](https://doomy.org/bevys-fifth-birthday/)
* **BD103 ([@BD103](https://github.com/BD103))**
  * [Bevy’s 5th Birthday: Year of the Linter](https://bd103.github.io/blog/2025-09-09-bevys-5th-birthday)
* **Miles Silberling-Cook ([@NthTensor](https://github.com/NthTensor))**
  * [Working in Groups](https://internet.place/content/working-groups/)
* **Chris Biscardi ([@ChristopherBiscardi](https://github.com/ChristopherBiscardi))**
  * [Bevy's 5th Birthday](https://www.christopherbiscardi.com/bevy-5th-birthday)

> Here is to another year of Bevy! This will be our best one yet!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's to another year of Bevy! This will be our best one yet!
```
